# Meeting 2017-09-06

**Moderator:** @HipsterBrown 
**Notetaker:** @rwaldron
**Attending:** @Frijol 


## Agenda

- Last week's action items
- Working group updates


## Notes

Last Week's Action Items


- [ ] @tcr Schedule an RGSoC meetup next week
- [X] @hipsterbrown Review the website items
- [X] @frijol Follow up with Seeed about inventory questions + finances
  - Need someone to review the contract and determine module payment details
- [X] @tcr + @hipsterbrown Create some predefined issues for this, including the blog item for RGSoC
- [X] @hipsterbrown Pick a component, come up with a few issues around "how do you use I2C?" for example as designed tutorials
- [ ] @tcr Propose dates in the group.


RGSoC

- Only one week left, still want to work on Tessel stuff
- Received new ESP to work with
- I2C tutorials
  - Learned about multiple register values and bit shifting

Website

- Looking for more people to work on this


Reach

- Tim is out. 




## Action items

- [ ] @tcr Schedule an RGSoC meetup next week
- [ ] @frijol Reach out to Boaz to review the contract and determine module payment details
