# SC Meeting for October 19, 2017

- moderator: @rwaldron
- notes: @hipsterbrown
- attending: @frijol

## Agenda

https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/348

## Last Meeting's Action Items

- [X] @team tag 5 issues for Hacktoberfest (@frijol did it)
- [X] @frijol write a retro about mentoring a RGSoC team (cancelled)
- [X] @tcr check with Rick about potential TesselCamp dates # Meeting DATE

## Agenda Items

**TesselCamp**

No organized event this year. Instead, we can work on organizing weekends to hack together on a goal, like rebuilding `t2-release` in the near future. 

## Action Items

- [ ] @hipsterbrown: check-in with @tcr about Dokku debugging. 
