# Meeting Jan 22 2018

Moderator: @hipsterbrown

Notes: @frijol

Attending: @tcr

## Agenda

[Agenda Issue](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/360)

## Notes

### Forums
* They are down. Need to rebuild or have a new server set up?
* We're not totally clear on the path of action because this is managed on Bocoup servers and we don't have access
* We are working on better communication with Bocoup
* Might be better just to do our own infrastructure
* Should get forums online some way and do a backup of its history, which is blocked by access. We will then migrate to our own servers
* @frijol emailed Seeed per their question (about forums being down) so they know our status

### New site
* @hipsterbrown wants to get back into this, hoping to get new site up & replaced by April
* This is another thing that helps us own our own infrastructure

### How we want to get work done
* Challenging to prioritize– @frijol notes that likeliest working conditions are 1) something directly depends on input or 2) set aside co-working blocks of time
* General agreement on having chunks of co-working time. Weekends, some evenings generally might work

### RGSoC
* We definitely want to be in, project submissions are due in a couple of days
* @frijol is happy to be default mentor
* @tcr can maybe take it on, will think about it
* @frijol not actually very available this summer (offline adventuring), so if mentor, would ask other SC members to sub in on specific weeks

### Tesselcamp
* Memorial day weekend-ish timing looking good, maybe the week before the weekend
* Should schedule in the near future, checking in with significant others, work schedules, etc.

### Tessel Rust
* @tcr retrospective: we were working on this partly with the dubious goal of being the first hardware to support it. It's probably easier to do now, want to do research on what the landscape looks like now.

## Action items
* @hipsterbrown get in touch with Boaz from Bocoup to 1) check in 2) either get more access or more support from the foundation such that we don't have issues like the forums issue we are having. By next week please!
* @tcr devise/deploy next steps for forums when we have that ability
* @tcr schedule a block of time for us to all work together
* @tcr let @frijol know by tomorrow if you want to be RGSoC mentor
* Everybody: think about Tesselcamp dates, does the week before Memorial Day weekend work? Try to nail this down in the next week or two
