# SC Meeting for January 18, 2018

- moderator: @Frijol
- notes: @hipsterbrown

## Agenda (https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/357)
* [ ] How are we doing as a committee right now?
* [ ] Forums are down, fixing?
* [X] Anything we need to do for the Whiplash change of address? Notify Seeed?
* [ ] Tesselcamp: Kelsey proposing around Memorial Day weekend (@frijol and @tcr have plans bringing them to NYC already)
* [ ] Current priorities?

### How are we doing as a committee right now?

We all took a nice holiday break and getting back into Tessel stuff. 

### Forums are down, fixing?

We need to check in with Boaz and getting an update on foundation support for the forums, sites, etc. We either need dedicated support contacts or more access to the servers, domains.

### Tesselcamp (week prior to Memorial Day weekend) 

@hipsterbrown: Works for me.

Maybe keep it just within the Steering Committee. We can hack on much-needed support tooling and kick off larger initiatives for the year.

Confirming this date will give us plenty of time to plan where folks will stay and meet up.

### Current priorities?

Being more vocal about what we're working on through Twitter, blog posts, new website release, etc.

Getting status updates for Reach, Rust, website, and other long-term projects. 

## Action Items

- [ ] @frijol to message Victor (Seeed) about redirecting support from forums to slack or site until forums are back up
- [ ] @hipsterbrown contact Boaz about foundation check-in
